Israel's nearly six-month war on the
besieged population of Gaza has pushed
Palestinians to the brink of famine
particularly in the northern part of the
strip under pressure from the United
States Israel's agreed to allow
desperately needed food deliveries
through the era's crossing which connect
to Northern Gaza it's really good news
we've been asking for weeks now for this
Crossing to be opened we've used it
before and we know how important it is
to get suppliers into the northern Gaza
Strip Israel is also allowing shipments
of Aid to enter through its port in
ashdod the change follows a phone call
between the US president and Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Joe
Biden called for an immediate ceasefire
and warned that us Aid to Israel is
conditional on it taking action to boost
humanitarian supplies to Gaza what we're
looking to see in the in the days and
weeks ahead
is
prioritization surging humanitarian
assistance sustaining
it in Northern Gaza Aid distribution has
been dangerous and difficult with
incidents of Israeli forces bombing and
opening fire on handout points
accusations Israel denies the lack of
cooperation to allow Aid in Faster has
led to some shipments by sea and the US
has said it'll build a floating dock to
increase deliveries air drops have also
been used but Palestinians waiting on
the ground have been killed as
parachutes failed the Israelis are
committing genocide they're committing
massacres left and right they're
forcibly displacing as many Gins as they
can and as long as the Americans and
many of the Europeans keep on enabling
Israel and doing this International
crime then you know all the aid in the
world is is really not going to make
that much of a difference the
international court of justice told
Israel in January that it couldn't
continue to bombard displace and starve
the population of Gaza under its
obligations to the genocide convention a
new Aid Route into the strip May finally
get some food to many who desperately
need it but without an immediate
ceasefire it's unlikely enough will get
through to alleviate the catastrophe
Victoria gonb Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer